=pod

=head1 NAME

Perl::OSType - Map Perl operating system names to generic types

=head1 VERSION

version 1.003

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  use Perl::OSType ':all';

  $current_type = os_type();
  $other_type = os_type('dragonfly'); # gives 'Unix'

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Modules that provide OS-specific behaviors often need to know if
the current operating system matches a more generic type of
operating systems. For example, 'linux' is a type of 'Unix' operating system
and so is 'freebsd'.

This module provides a mapping between an operating system name as given by
C<$^O> and a more generic type.  The initial version is based on the OS type
mappings provided in L<Module::Build> and L<ExtUtils::CBuilder>.  (Thus,
Microsoft operating systems are given the type 'Windows' rather than 'Win32'.)

=head1 USAGE

No functions are exported by default. The export tag ":all" will export
all functions listed below.

=head2 os_type()

  $os_type = os_type();
  $os_type = os_type('MSWin32');

Returns a single, generic OS type for a given operating system name.  With no
arguments, returns the OS type for the current value of C<$^O>.  If the
operating system is not recognized, the function will return the empty string.

=head2 is_os_type()

  $is_windows = is_os_type('Windows');
  $is_unix    = is_os_type('Unix', 'dragonfly');

Given an OS type and OS name, returns true or false if the OS name is of the
given type.  As with C<os_type>, it will use the current operating system as a
default if no OS name is provided.

=head1 SEE ALSO

=over 4

=item *

L<Devel::CheckOS>

=back

=for :stopwords cpan testmatrix url annocpan anno bugtracker rt cpants kwalitee diff irc mailto metadata placeholders metacpan

=head1 SUPPORT

=head2 Bugs / Feature Requests

Please report any bugs or feature requests through the issue tracker
at L<https://github.com/dagolden/perl-ostype/issues>.
You will be notified automatically of any progress on your issue.

=head2 Source Code

This is open source software.  The code repository is available for
public review and contribution under the terms of the license.

L<https://github.com/dagolden/perl-ostype>

  git clone git://github.com/dagolden/perl-ostype.git

=head1 AUTHOR

David Golden <dagolden@cpan.org>

=head1 CONTRIBUTOR

Jonas B. Nielsen <jonasbn@hoarfrost.local>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is copyright (c) 2013 by David Golden.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

